
          The face that scares a lot of people in this league...

          The Sunday night thriller that was bound to cause NIGHTMARES for weeks
          if not months to come. A man wearing a mask was seen fleeing the scene
          leaving behind a deflated FG in the second round of the playoffs.
         
          Imran narrowly creeped by FG by a margin of .04 points (!!!) led by a
          garbage time surge from Scarry Terry. How did that happen, one might
          wonder? In order to answer that, we must go back a couple of weeks to
          see how it all began. 
          "We weren't supposed to be here..." 

          Imran said in an interview with our RCL reporters, "We literally got
          into the playoffs with a loss", refering to his 7-7 regular season
          finish to secure the final spot in the Champions League playoffs.
          Every matchup he went into, he was the underdog. Every start he made,
          was met with criticism and mockery. No one believed he would win a
          game, yet alone multiple.
         
          However, calling Imran's historic title run a miracle would be a
          detriment to his gutsy plays and coaching decisions he's made
          throughout the playoffs. From starting Rex Burkhead to feeding the
          hothand in Rashaad Penny, Imran galvanized his team and said all the
          right things in the lockerroom to give his team the morale boost they
          needed to keep going. 
          
          In a run that included defeating multiple powerhouses and previous
          champions, Imran will look to continue that momentum in what is sure
          to be a monstrous title defense. Although he might not have his guys
          from last year with him, Imran has shown time and time again that he's
          able to find the diamonds in the rough and has already proven that he
          could win with a chip on his shoulder, now let's see if he can win
          with the chip in his hands.